Improve logging docs in 101 and advanced setup (#11697)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/strategy-101.md

- **[Telegram](telegram-usage.md)**: On mobile devices, Telegram integration is available to get alerts about your bot activity and to control certain aspects.
- **[FTUI](https://github.com/freqtrade/ftui)**: FTUI is a terminal (command line) interface to Freqtrade, and allows monitoring of a running bot only.
- **[freqtrade-client](rest-api.md#consuming-the-api)**: A python implementation of the REST API, making it easy to make requests and consume bot responses from your python apps or the command line.
- **[REST API endpoints](rest-api.md#available-endpoints)**: The REST API allows programmers to develop their own tools to interact with a Freqtrade bot.
- **[Webhooks](webhook-config.md)**: Freqtrade can send information to other services, e.g. discord, by webhooks.

### Logs

Freqtrade generates extensive debugging logs to help you understand what's happening. Please familiarise yourself with the information and error messages you might see in your bot logs.

Logging by default occurs on standard out (the command line). If you want to write out to a file instead, many freqtrade commands, including the `trade` command, accept the `--logfile` option to write to a file.

> Check the [FAQ](https://www.freqtrade.io/en/stable/faq/#how-do-i-search-the-bot-logs-for-something) for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [FAQ](faq.md#how-do-i-search-the-bot-logs-for-something) for examples.
```
